Mounded we're done with a general set up.
Let's actually go and see a specific set up that we have for our first on a project.
So here you can see that this is going to be our finished project or here that I'm going to keep it
in the browser or you know like this right now or here you can see that I have a desktop obviously.
And here this is going to be my fault.
Right.
And in the folder I have a phantasm and on here I'm going to have a bunch of images that are going to
be using then this is going to be the next H M L and C Ss and all her script.
Right.
So now that we have our folders set up let's go actually to our text to her or here like this.
And you can see that over here right.
I have a main style sheet and this is going to be my main.
SS Then I have a link to font or some to this folder over here.
Then over here this is going to be the Google fonts.
Right so I'm getting my Google answer here and what I would need to do is actually check what I have
in mind here.
Yes right.
So my main success or here I have the colors I'm so I have the yellow gray black blue cream and white
and I was going to be working with all of them.
So this is not really important to actually write them down right now.
Right.
Because once you're going to be styling the element we're actually going to be applying these colors
and warriors crabgrass is going to be empty.
And to tell you the truth there's not going to be much info anyway right.
Because for the Jake werie plugins they're all going to be using right.
Let's say for example this plug in right.
We're going to create our own separate script js files meaning the javascript files that are going to
be separate.
Right so here let's say this is going to be our Jake Querrey plug in.
Right so this is going to be the ISO job.
And over here you can see what happens right.
So basically this is going to be filtering over here images for us.
Right.
And again that will going to be creating a new separate javascript file just so we don't actually stuff
everything together.
And this is going to be much more understanding that way.
Right.
So what I'm going to do here is going to close the script jast we don't need the scramjets and we don't
need for now the Says either or here Arnold's going to say that yes we would want to save what we were
doing and over here in the exchange.
Now we're going to start building.
And the first thing that would want to build is out here would want to start building the nav bar.
All right.
So we would need all here now imagine we're going to need all headers button right and then we're going
to need links and like a like we have done with the previous projects right.
We are starting mobile first.
So basically we're going to be starting to design for the mobile screen first and then we're going to
do all kinds of set ups right and media queries right for the bigger screens.
Right.
So here this is going to be perfect for us right.
Or here this life.
And the first thing that I'm going to do in the body I'm going to create a header right and I'm going
to create or hear a common that I'm creating better here.
And I was going to copy this and I'm going to say and of better than on here.
This is going to be a header element right.
And I'm still going to be using meth right now right.
And for those of you who don't know what is meant right this is really speeding up our workflow.
Right.
So only thing we need to type over here is the domain name and press tab and you can see that it creates
or hear the closing and the opening tag for us.
And after that in the header we're actually going to place now.
And we're going to place now with an I.D. or year of NAV press.
We're hearing this is going to be Nav. with an idea of you know we're here the first thing that we want
to do is actually place a logo.
So here I'm going to say like this that this is going to be actually a div.
Right.
And we can say like this class I have a logo or here press type or here now we have the door.
Then within a day we're going to have an image.
All right.
So I'm just going to write an image and we're here with the source of we're going to go with images
and then we will need a nav logo.
Right.
So I'm going to go with this banana right.
This is where we're going to have here.
And then after that we would want let's say alternative we're going to say this is going to be Nav.
logo on here like this.
And then after that we would want to have a phantasm like on right next to it.
So I'm going to say we're here.
This is going to be class here or here we're going to say far far down.
So this is going to be erro down.
Maicon.
Now I can see that I'm not using them right now right.
And you can see how much longer it takes to actually write something right there therefore actually
using it.
Does doesn't really speed up your work.
But for these fun times I'm just going to say.
This is going to be toggle here between this press table here.
Now maybe let's do a closing diagram.
You can see what happens right.
We have an image.
And then over here this is going to be are fun to us.
And of course again we haven't applied any flex box nothing like that right.
That's why it looks like that.
And then after that one we would want is actually once the day is finished here we would want a on order
list like this.
I'm going to give it right away.
Class and class is going to have legs or here presto.
Now we have on our list.
Then after that we want a list item more here within the list item we're going to have a Tref a link.
And then after that we will want to say that we want.
I don't know what say.
Let's start with five of them right here where I'm going to say that I would want like this five of
them so I'm going to say we're going this and I'm going to put put parentheses on multiplied by five.
Press tab and I can see that I have five links right.
And all of them have or here a Atra right and the edge is going to have it as a hash tag.
And so this is going to be the debt ceiling Norio we're going to write home then we're going to write
services next year we're going to say this is going to be port folio here.
Then after that we're going to have a about.
And last one is going to be contact contact.
All right.
So we have five links here.
And after that we would want.
Right.
Or here you can see that on a smaller screen.
I'm actually going to have these fantastic in my All right.
So you would need to create.
So we're going to go back over here.
Right.
Still within this unheard list.
And this is going to be a list item.
Right.
And we're going to say this is going to be class and we're going to give it now have icons like this
then or here in this time we're all going to say is that we would want Felix and someone to say we're
here a miss.
And then within.
And they were going to say this is going to be I and that's right.
And I can see that I have a link right.
Again I'm going to have them using an order here and this is going to be a fun awesome read.
You can see that I didn't finish it and I didn't write the full frontal assault like that out here.
We would want a one two three four.
Right.
So I can just select this line and if I press control L right now it's going to copy this one.
Let's say three times.
Right.
When are you going to start with a Facebook so far book than the next one is going to be a Instagram.
So this is going to be for Instagram we're here then after that we would want a Twitter.
So I would say for Twitter and then after the last one is going to be linked in once or linking then
or however you want to pronounce it this is going to be a link then link it right.
Now we have four icons.
All right.
And now you would actually want to text.
We would want this first banana.
And this is what we do.
And these two buttons.
Right.
And again what is going to be creating HDMI out for an hour right.
We're just going to deal with CSSA first with over here with this.
Right.
It's just it's good if we have some kind of content the next year you can see that if we are doing some
kind of changes or here whether it's actually work here once we have the nav after that we would want
a banner.
Someone said this is going to be ready or here with a banner so I'm going to see a D banner press time
or here.
And after that we were going to have a div with the class and the class over here is going to be banner
text here.
And within this banner text class we're going to have a few things right.
First we're going to have a Hening one.
And our hero is going to say that he's going to say fast.
It's going right fast.
And Ana you know Agnes press tab now I have my hand in one.
After that I was going to have a heading three here like this and this is going to say this is what
we do.
I said this is what we do here again and press time.
Now we have a heading three.
And then it will need two things.
So I'm going to say over here this is going to be our first link hashtag here and we're going to say
on here start here now.
This is going to be our text and we can just write all in lowercase just so later on you can see that
are actually properties and values are actually changing once we apply them.
So I'm going to start right now and again I'm just going to select a line and I'm going to copy this.
And here we're going to say learn more and so can just in this text you know let's learn more now that
we're done.
We had reached him now for our.
All right we're ready to move on to see a sense and actually start styling on here now.